README.md, before:

Research Level Classifier
==========

Predict research level from text: http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1751157713000825

Any use of this code should reference the following article:

Boyack, K. W., Patek, M., Ungar, L. H., Yoon, P., & Klavans, R. (2014). Classification of individual articles from all of science by research level. *Journal of Informetrics*, 18(1), 1-12. (DOI: 10.1016/j.joi.2013.10.005)

Word-feature weights are contained in the data/word-features.txt.gz file.
File is tab-delimited text with 3 columns: research-level, type, word, weight.
Where a type of `t` denotes a title word feature, and a type of `a` denotes an abstract word feature.

Installing
----------

It may be easiest to run this from a Python virtual environment (https://pypi.python.org/pypi/virtualenv) with python 3.

To install the Python dependencies:

    $ pip install -r requirements.txt

Testing
-------

To test, just run the included test script:

    $ python test_rlev_model.py
    .
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------
    Ran 1 test in 0.247s

    OK

Running
-------

Input files should be tab-delimited text files with three columns: id, title, abstract.
A sample input file `data/sample-data.txt` is included. Our output from that input file is also
included in `data/sample-output.txt`.

You should be able to run the classifier like this:

    $ python rlev_model.py data/sample-data.txt > data/sample-output.txt

Output is written to `stdout` and is tab-delimited text with 5 columns: id, prob1, prob2, prob3, prob4.
Here prob1 is the probability that the document belongs to research-level 1, and so on.

Commit message:

Add note about installation via Conda

README.md, after:

Research Level Classifier
==========

Predict research level from text: http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1751157713000825

Any use of this code should reference the following article:

Boyack, K. W., Patek, M., Ungar, L. H., Yoon, P., & Klavans, R. (2014). Classification of individual articles from all of science by research level. *Journal of Informetrics*, 18(1), 1-12. (DOI: 10.1016/j.joi.2013.10.005)

Word-feature weights are contained in the data/word-features.txt.gz file.
File is tab-delimited text with 3 columns: research-level, type, word, weight.
Where a type of `t` denotes a title word feature, and a type of `a` denotes an abstract word feature.

Installing
----------

It may be easiest to run this from a Python virtual environment (https://pypi.python.org/pypi/virtualenv) with python 3.

To install the Python dependencies:

    $ pip install -r requirements.txt

This project also comes with an `environment.yml` file that can be used to create a [Conda](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/) environment.

Testing
-------

To test, just run the included test script:

    $ python test_rlev_model.py
    .
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------
    Ran 1 test in 0.247s

    OK

Running
-------

Input files should be tab-delimited text files with three columns: id, title, abstract.
A sample input file `data/sample-data.txt` is included. Our output from that input file is also
included in `data/sample-output.txt`.

You should be able to run the classifier like this:

    $ python rlev_model.py data/sample-data.txt > data/sample-output.txt

Output is written to `stdout` and is tab-delimited text with 5 columns: id, prob1, prob2, prob3, prob4.
Here prob1 is the probability that the document belongs to research-level 1, and so on.
